		PYTHON – WORKSHEET 9 (PANDAS)

Q1 to Q8 have only one correct answer. Choose the correct option to answer your question.

1. Which among the following options can be used to create a DataFrame in Pandas? 			( D )

A) An ndarray				B) a python dictionary
C) A scalar value			D) All of the above

2. A series is a one-dimensional array which is labelled and can hold any data type.  			( A )

A) True					B) False

3. Which of the following operation works with the same syntax as the analogous dictionary operations?	( D )

A) Getting columns			B) setting columns
C) deleting columns			D) All of the above

4. pandas.NA = = pandas.NA, will give which of the following result? 					( D )

A) <NA>					B) True
C) False				D) Error

5. A panel is a	container of data in pandas? 								( C )

A) 1 dimensional			B) 2 dimensional
C) 3 dimensional			D) infinite dimensions

6. What will be the output of the following lines of code? 						( D )

	import pandas as pd
	import numpy as np
	s = pd.Series(np.random.randn(4)) print(s.ndim)

A) Error				B) 3
C) 2					D) 1

7. Which of the following indexing capabilities is used as a concise means of selecting data from a pandas object? ( D )

A) in					B) iy
C) ix					D) ipy

8. All pandas data structures are mutable but not always mutable. 					( B )

A) size, value				B) value, size
C) semantic, size			D) None of these

Q9 and Q10 have multiple correct answers. Choose all the correct options to answer your question.

9. Select the correct statements from the following. 							( B,C,D )

A) A DataFrame is like a fixed-size dictionary in that you can get and set values by index label.
B) Series can be passed into most NumPy methods expecting an ndarray.
C) A key difference between Series and ndarray is that operations between Series automatically align the data based on label
D) In pandas, Index values must be unique

10. Which of the following file formats are allowed for input output in pandas? 			( A,B,C)

A) JSON					B) HTML
C) CSV					D) TXT






