
			DEEP LEARNING – WORKSHEET 3

Q1 to Q8 are MCQs with only one correct answer. Choose the correct option.

1. Which of the following is true about model capacity (where model capacity means the ability of neural-
   network to approximate complex functions)?     								( A )

A) As dropout ratio increases, model capacity increases
B) As number of hidden layers increase, model capacity increases
C) As learning rate increases, model capacity increases
D) None of the above

2. Batch Normalization is helpful because?  									( C )

A) It is a very efficient backpropagation technique
B) It returns back the normalized mean and standard deviation of weights
C) It normalizes (changes) all the input before sending it to the next layer
D) None of the above

3. What if we use a learning rate that’s too large?  								( A )

A) Network will not converge			B) Network will converge
C) either A or B				D) None of the above

4. What are the factors to select the depth of neural network?  						( D )

i) Type of neural network (e.g. MLP, CNN etc.)
ii) Input data
iii) Computation power, i.e. Hardware capabilities and software capabilities
iv) Learning Rate
v) The output function to map

A) 1, 2, 4, 5					B) 2, 3, 4, 5
C) 1, 3, 4, 5					D) All of these

5. Suppose you have inputs as x, y, and z with values -2, 5, and -4 respectively. You have a neuron ‘q’ and
   neuron ‘f’ with functions:
   q = x + y f = q * z
   Graphical representation of the functions is as follows:

   What is the gradient of F with respect to x, y, and z? (use chain rule of derivatives to find the solution) 	( C )

A) (3, -4, -4)					B) (-3, 4, 4)
C) (-4, -4, 3)					D) (4, 4, 3)

6. Which of the following statement is the best description of early stopping?   				( B )

A) Train the network until a local minimum in the error function is reached
B) Simulate the network on a test dataset after every epoch of training. Stop training when the generalization error starts to increase
C) Add a momentum term to the weight update in the Generalized Delta Rule, so that training converges more quickly
D) None of the above

7. Which gradient descent technique is more advantageous when the data is too big to handle in RAM simultaneously?  ( B )

A) Mini Batch Gradient Descent			B) Stochastic Gradient Descent
C) Full Batch Gradient Descent			D) either A or B

8. Consider the scenario. The problem you are trying to solve has a small amount of data. Fortunately, 
   you have a pre-trained neural network that was trained on a similar problem. Which of the following 
   methodologies would you choose to make use of this pre-trained network?  					( A )

A) Freeze all the layers except the last, re-train the last layer
B) Assess on every layer how the model performs and only select a few of them
C) Fine tune the last couple of layers only
D) Re-train the model for the new dataset

Q9 and Q10 are MCQs with one or more correct answers. Choose all the correct options.

9. Which of the following neural network training challenge can be solved using batch normalization?  		( B,C )

A) Overfitting				
B) Training is too slow
C) Restrict activations to become too high or low
D) None of these

10. For a binary classification problem, which of the following activations may be used in output layer?	(A,B,C )

A) ReLU						B) sigmoid
C) softmax					D) Leaky ReLU










