					WORKSHEET-1
					    SQL
Q1 and Q2 have one or more correct answer. Choose all the correct option to answer your question.
1. Which of the following is/are DDL commands in SQL?						 (  A,D  )
A) Create	B) Update
C) Delete	D) ALTER

2. Which of the following is/are DML commands in SQL?  						(  A,B,C  )
A) Update	B) Delete
C) Select	D) Drop

Q3 to Q10 have only one correct answer. Choose the correct option to answer your question.
3. Full form of SQL is:										 (  B  )
A) Strut querying language	B) Structured Query Language
C) Simple Query Language	D) None of them

4. Full form of DDL is:										 (  B  )
A) Descriptive Designed Language	B) Data Definition Language
C) Data Descriptive Language	D) None of the above.

5. DML is: 											 (  A  )
A) Data Manipulation Language	B) Data Management Language
C) Data Modeling Language	D) None of these

6. Which of the following statements can be used to create a table with column B int type and C  float type?   (  C  )
A) Table A (B int, C float)	B) Create A (b int, C float)
C) Create Table A (B int,C float)	D) All of them

7. Which of the following statements can be used to add a column D (float type) to the table A created above?  (  B  )
A) Table A ( D float)	B) Alter Table A ADD COLUMN D float
C) Table A( B int, C float, D float)	D) None of them

8. Which of the following statements can be used to drop the column added in the above question? 	       (  B  )
A) Table A Drop D	B) Alter Table A Drop Column D
C) Delete D from A	D) None of them

9. Which of the following statements can be used to change the data type (from float to int ) of the column D of table A created in above questions?  (  B  )
A) Table A (D float int)	B) Alter Table A Alter Column D int
C) Alter Table A D float int	D) Alter table A Column D float to int

10. Suppose we want to make Column B of Table A as primary key of the table. By which of the following statements we can do it?			      (  C  )
A) Alter Table A Add Constraint Primary Key B	B) Alter table (B primary key)
C) Alter Table A Add Primary key B	D) None of them

Q11 to Q15 are subjective answer type questions, Answer them briefly.

11. What is data-warehouse?

A data warehouse essentially combines information from several sources into one comprehensive database.
It is a technology that aggregates structured data from one or more sources so that it can be compared and analyzed for greater business intelligence. 

12. What is the difference between OLTP VS OLAP?


OLTP - Online Transaction Processing is an operational system that supports transaction-oriented applications in a 3-tier architecture.
     - It administers the day to day transaction of an organization. 
     - OLTP is basically focused on query processing, maintaining data integrity in multi-access environments as well as effectiveness 
        that is measured by the total number of transactions per second. 

OLAP - Online Analytical Processing is a category of software that allows users to analyze information from multiple database systems at the same time.
     - It is a technology that enables analysts to extract and view business data from different points of view.

13. What is Star-Schema?

    --> In STAR Schema, the center of the star can have one fact table and a number of associated dimension tables. 
    --> It is known as star schema as its structure resembles a star. 
    --> The star schema is the simplest type of Data Warehouse schema. 
    --> It is also known as Star Join Schema and is optimized for querying large data sets.

14. What do you mean by SETL?

SETL – SET Language is a very high-level programming language based on the mathematical theory of sets
