
				Statistics– WORKSHEET 4


Q1 to Q9 have only one correct answer. Choose the correct option to answer your question.

1. Bernoulli random variables take (only) the values 1 and 0.  						( A )

 a) True					b) False

2. Which of the following theorem states that the distribution of averages of iid variables,
   properly normalized, becomes that of a standard normal as the sample size increases?  		( A )

 a) Central Limit Theorem
 b) Central Mean Theorem
 c) Centroid Limit Theorem
 d) All of the mentioned

3. Which of the following is incorrect with respect to use of Poisson distribution? 			( B )

 a) Modeling event/time data
 b) Modeling bounded count data
 c) Modeling contingency tables
 d) All of the mentioned

4. Point out the correct statement.  									( D )

 a) The exponent of a normally distributed random variables follows what is called the log- normal distribution
 b) Sums of normally distributed random variables are again normally distributed even if the variables are dependent
 c) The square of a standard normal random variable follows what is called chi-squared distribution
 d) All of the mentioned-

5. _______ random variables are used to model rates. 							( C )

 a) Empirical
 b) Binomial
 c) Poisson
 d) All of the mentioned

6. Usually replacing the standard error by its estimated value does change the CLT. 			( A )

 a) True					b) False

7. Which of the following testing is concerned with making decisions using data? 			( B )

 a) Probability
 b) Hypothesis
 c) Causal
 d) None of the mentioned

8. Normalized data are centered at ______ and have units equal to standard deviations of the original data. ( A )

 a) 0
 b) 5
 c) 1
 d) 10

9. Which of the following statement is incorrect with respect to outliers? 				( C )

 a) Outliers can have varying degrees of influence
 b) Outliers can be the result of spurious or real processes
 c) Outliers cannot conform to the regression relationship
 d) None of the mentioned

Q10and Q15 are subjective answer type questions, Answer them in your own words briefly.


10. What do you understand by the term Normal Distribution?

	Normal distribution, also known as the Gaussian distribution, is a probability distribution that is 
    symmetric about the mean, showing that data near the mean are more frequent in occurrence than data far from the mean.


11. How do you handle missing data? What imputation techniques do you recommend?


12. What is A/B testing

	A/B testing is the process of comparing two variants of the data, usually by testing users response to 
    Variant A vs Variant B, and concluding which of the two variants is more effective.


13. Is mean imputation of missing data acceptable practice?

	Yes, it is to be considered if majority of the data is within the region of the mean.


14. What is linear regression in statistics?

	It is the linear approach in modeling the relationship between both Dependent and Independent Variables.


15. What are the various branches of statistics?

	Descriptive Statistics and Inferential Statistics are the two major branches of Statistics.





